ACD-824 (#43)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: FiegeIntegration/Overview/01_General.md

# General information

> The *Fiege* driver seamlessly connects the *Actindo Core 1 Platform* and the Fiege fulfillment system. Actindo exports automatically all relevant product data as soon as a delivery note is generated. In turn, all shipment data provided by Fiege can be checked and monitored centrally in the *Fulfillment* module. 

Author: ```suggestion
The *Fiege* driver seamlessly connects the *Actindo Core1 Platform* and the Fiege fulfillment system. Actindo exports automatically all relevant product data as soon as a delivery note is generated. In turn, all shipment data provided by Fiege can be checked and monitored centrally in the *Fulfillment* module. 
```
delivery note oder dispatch note? Meines Wissens ist es in Fulfillment die dispatch note, in OMS die delivery note

> The *Fiege* driver seamlessly connects the *Actindo Core1 Platform* and the Fiege fulfillment system. Actindo sends automatically a dispatch note containing all relevant order and product data to Fiege when a delivery note has been issued by the *Order management* module. In turn, all shipment data provided by Fiege can be checked and monitored centrally in the *Fulfillment* module. 

Reviewer: i'd add the info, that creating dispatch notes and triggering the export needs to be configured through the workflow as that does not "automagically" happen at any point - the export will then instruct the fiege driver to send it over to them

This documentation refers to *Fiege* plugin version 1.0.0. There may be differences in the UI, features and operation if your *Fiege* plugin is installed in a different version.

## Benefits

> The Actindo *Fiege* plugin offers the following benefits:

Author: ```suggestion
The Actindo *Fiege Integration* plugin offers the following benefits:
```
